---
title: input
parent: Tags Reference
layout: default
---

# input

Please see [**Core Concepts - Form**](../concepts/forms.html) for an in-depth discussion about this tag.

## Parameters

> Apart from the parameters listed below, any parameters given to this tag will be passed on unchanged to the HTML tag generated by it.

* name
* type
* id
* required
* validator
* validator_msg
* separator
* val_separator
* opt_values
* opt_selected
* width
* height
* style
* format
* reload_text

### name

Name of the input. This parameter is mandatory.

### type

Type of the input. Valid values are -

* text
* password
* submit
* hidden
* textarea
* radio
* checkbox
* dropdown
* captcha

Please see [**Core Concepts - Form**](../concepts/forms.html) for details about these types.

### id

Id of the input.

### required

Set this to '1' to make this field mandatory.

### validator

The **input** tag shares this parameter with the **editable** tag. Please see the [**validators**](./editable.html#validator) section of [__*editable*__](./editable.html) tag for a list of all the validators that can be used.

### validator_msg

The **input** tag shares this parameter with the **editable** tag. Please see the [**validators**](./editable.html#validator) section of [__*editable*__](./editable.html) tag for a description of this parameter.

### separator

### val_separator

### opt_values

### opt_selected

The _separator_, *val_separator*, *opt_values* and *opt_selected* parameters are valid for only _radio_, _checkbox_ and _dropdown_ input types.<br/>
The **input** tag shares these parameters with the **editable** tag. Please see the parameters of [**radio**](./editable/radio.html#parameters), [**checkbox**](./editable/checkbox.html#parameters) and [**dropdown**](./editable/dropdown.html#parameters) types of editable regions for details of these.

### width

Width in pixels.

### height

Height in pixels.

### style

Inline CSS styling.

### format

### reload_text

The _format_ and *reload_text* parameters pertain exclusively to input of _captcha_ type. Please see [**Core Concepts - Form**](../concepts/forms.html) where the _captcha_ type of input, along with its parameters, is described in detail.

## Variables

This tag does not set any variables of its own.

## Related Tags

* [form](./form.html)
* [fieldset](./fieldset.html)
